---
title: "Is Pre-Assassination Surveillance Being Conducted Against Bronx Congressional Candidate Jose Vega?"
date: 2026-03-24
---

On Monday afternoon, March 23, the apartment of Congressional candidate Jose Vega was placed under surveillance by an individual, or individuals, purporting to wish “to do an interview” with the candidate. Alert neighbors made the candidate aware of the presence of “a very odd white gentleman in the hallway knocking on your family‘s door,” under the pretext of attempting to locate the candidate, who has an office, and whose phone number the ostensible “reporter” had in his possession at the time. The “reporter” was also observed to be continuously on his phone, in apparent communication with one or more other people.

Candidate Vega reported that “At 2:58pm, I received a call from Alex Augenbraun, asking if he could interview me in person. He said ‘I’m in the area.’ I had said that I don’t do in-person interviews with just anyone and that I’m happy to do it over Zoom.” But Augenbraun was sighted in the building at 2:41 PM, a full 17 minutes earlier. It is believed that his phone call was made after he had inadvertently alarmed several people in the building. Surveillance cameras show him entering the building by waiting for the moment when another tenant showed up with a baby carriage. The woman opened the door with her key. Augenbraun ran over to her and held the door, walking in after her. Augenbraun then proceeded to Vega’s family apartment.

Augenbraun represents himself as a “student journalist” from Hunter College, but published an article written for the November 13, 2023 issue of the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, with the title, “I Knew Students At My College Were Protesting Israel. I Didn’t Expect What They Would Say in Class.” The JTA describes itself as “the definitive, trusted global source of news and analysis on issues of Jewish interest and concern… With [correspondents](https://jta.org/about-us/global-staff) in New York, Washington, Israel, Europe and cities around the globe… JTA also serves as an international syndication service for more than [70 Jewish publications](https://jta.org/about-us/client-newspapers) and websites.” The JTA had published a hit-piece against candidate Vega two months earlier framing him as an “antisemite.”

Several security-related incidents have occurred in the course of Vega’s recent drive to achieve ballot status for the Democratic nomination for Congress against AIPAC darling Ritchie Torres. Several individuals have appeared over the course of the last month near the candidate’s campaign headquarters, or outside places that the candidate occasionally frequents. On three occasions, there have been “soft” attempts to breach the candidate’s physical security.

These attempts have come during a notable increase in the candidate’s visibility and collaboration with a number of national Independent candidates for Congress, such as Gaza whistleblower Anthony Aguilar, who is running in North Carolina’s 13th Congressional District. In 2022, Vega’s associate, Diane Sare, currently an independent candidate for President of the United States, appeared on what was described by former United Nations weapons inspector Scott Ritter as a “kill list” then issued by the Ukrainian Center for Countering Disinformation. Ritter wrote at the time, “Ukraine has a history of converting ‘blacklists’ of this nature into ‘kill lists’, where those who speak out against the policies of the Ukrainian government are being murdered or threatened with violence.”

Ritter, Sare and Vega appeared together on a virtual conference panel attended by thousands on March 16, one week prior to Augenbraun’s unsolicited “visit” to Vega’s family apartment. That intrusion in fact constituted an unauthorized entry to the premises, and led one of Vega’s neighbors to recommend that “it would be wise to warn the rest of your family just in case this is something they need to be careful about as well.” Given Vega’s high-profile interventionism, including his appearance at Temple Emmanuel-El Synagogue October 12, 2023, protesting ethnic cleansing in Gaza, is the unauthorized and unsolicited “interview” intended to profile Vega in preparation for something else? Assassination and physical intimidation tactics carried out by Israeli and Israeli-related capabilities throughout the world are too well known. Less well known, but far more important, are the British geopolitical controllers (for example Sir Richard Dearlove) shaping the disastrous policy actions of both the Israeli and Trump governments, and the United States Congress, partially through blackmail only indicated by the Maxwell-Epstein files.

This matter, and the pattern of which it is part, have been reported to the appropriate law-enforcement authorities. Therefore, should any harm come to Jose Vega, his family, or his neighbors, the interested parties that would have originated such actions are now identified. Neither the candidate, nor his message, affiliations or purpose, will be altered to placate the members of the Epstein class that support, finance and defend Ritchie Torres, the Iran War, or the mass murder in Gaza. Says Vega:

“The more I continue to speak the truth, and defy silence, the more of a target I become for my opponents to ensure that the interests of the ‘Epstein Party’ are guaranteed. I will not back down however. So, I ask you all to become a part of my campaign, which upholds the truth, and refuses to be bought or controlled by anybody. Donate to my campaign at votevega.nyc/donate. Our security costs are expensive, but clearly necessary, in order to continue my work and ensure my safety.”